I'm looking for my wife
Su Yaoan
Yaoyao Yaoyao
Sister will hear it?
Your sister is dying
Yaoyao, I miss you so much.
roll
It makes me sick to see you.
If you climb a high branch, you won't recognize me
You were on your knees and licking
To marry me
Do you think it was Su Yao who was easy to bully back then?
Security, get him out of here
Yaoyao
You will regret it.
What kind of good stubble do you think Li Zeyan is?
He's a bad guy.
Killed his brother
Don't don't say
Do you believe what he said?
Yaoyao is a pervert
He's a murderer!
The two of us are engaged
One step closer to you becoming the heir to the Li Group
Lee's Group
Heir, that's all you care about
I thought you cared about that
Su Yaoan
Didn't your old lover warn you that I'm a murderer?
murderer
Why don't you go?
Just for the jewelry empire
What are you crazy about?
Even you are afraid of me
Even you think I'm a bad person
Su Yaoan, I warn you
Since you're not leaving today
From now on you want to leave me
As long as you explain to me
I will definitely believe
Could it be that Li Zeyan said it was a physical examination, but he was actually seeing a psychiatrist?
Su Yaoan, that woman is fickle
She broke your heart so much
Let me comfort you